| Key | Value       |
| --- |-------------|
| Date: | 26.03.2024  |
| Time: | 13:45-14:45 |
| Chair | Ivan        |
| Minute Taker | Serban      |

Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Very quick pre-summary of what we are supposed to be discussing today. (1min)
- Check -in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Announcements by the TA (3-5 min)
- Recap on what we did last week. showing it all to ta. (6 min)
- knock-out criteria update for everybody

General questions for Miss Best TA Elena: 1 - 3 minutes
- Quick pro tips on what to expect from the oral exam.
- Other criteria of us being graded.
- Reminder of the important deadlines.

Code review: 2 min
- Are you satisfied with the current system of reviews?
- What should be our weekly deadline for making the MRs?

Functionality to be implemented, task splitting (5 min):
- We still have a minor inconvenience with the expenses and the database.
- Incorporate the debts into the database.
- Figure out if we are going to play fancy with the IDs.
- Start making it all bombastically pretty.

Bugs: 10 min
- We are plagued by some devious bugs, thus we might consider exterminating them.
- Participant bug - fixed/not fixed?
- Expenses bug
- Everything else that you noticed is not alright.

Planning: 15 min
- Fixing the paths, because to call them unlogical and anarchical will be an understatement.
  - David's DMR 
- Splitting the tasks for next week.
- Deciding on how pretty we want the app to be.
- Figuring out where we are and what is left to do.
- Everything that you want to add!

Summary 
- Please everybody, tell us what is on your mind? 
  - Do you have any reservations or worries about the project?
  - Do you think that the current workload is too much/little?
  - What are you having for lunch today?
- Recap on what happened today and what is there to come.


Notes:

-----Remarks----

David and Oliwer joined online.
Oliwer wrote a file in which he said what we have done until now and what we still need to do
- add checks when we add participants
- resize the whole up
- add romanian language
- we don t have currencies conversions
- we agreed that we need to figure out who we are when we use the app.
- we need at leaast 10 clients simultaneous
- we agreed we need key shortcuts (for example when selecting an event and the back button)
- we will look after the meeting on the document that Oliwer created and decide what to do
- there is a bug with the css of the add participant page
- Oliwer showed us how we could solve the bug with the css fom the add participant page. But we need to discuss this after the meeting
- add icons+text in the event page

-----------------------------Wonderful announcements from Miss Elena------------------------------

For product pitch :
- theory knowledge, but not all exam questions will be about therory (ex: what dependency injection is )
- questions about how we implemented stuff
- read the file from brightspace about the pitch


-----------------------------Negatives from feedback------------------------------

- we NEED web sockets
- we don't have a spring planning in the agenda for week 6
- we don t have error messages for when the server is down (when we receive 500 error status)
- test coverage is insufficient
- we need to add informative feedback(to confirm that something was succesful)


-----------------------------Good feedback------------------------------

- our MRs are better!
- the app is on the right way!

------------------------To be implemented-----------------------

- add a template for adding a new language.
- add the part with json format from the admin page. (import/export)
- create the front end of the detailed expenses (Serban)
- remove/edit buttons to work for expenses (Serban)
- front end for debts (Olav)
- websockets (Shahar)
- (we will discuss the rest of them after the meeting)
- tests for next week
- add edge cases for testing
